[Music]
Hey how are you Hey how are you I'm sorry I'm
sorry I hadn't started on YouTube
I wanted to I had started YouTube
and I had started keep starting very well I'm
sorry for those who are joining
but I'm going to start the day because look there are
many on PSE today and whoever
misses it well I'm sorry you have to
have the bell activated on this channel
not on this channel on all my channels
you have to have the bell activated otherwise
you don't find out about the move you're the
last to find out about the move so
that's embarrassing it
turns out that it has been a mess today on
Twitter they are going to send more things about the
subject but it turns out that today it came out on
Twitter because a girl that
we talked about recently who is this
Kuma her name is Akuma her name is Akuma
I have seen on Twitter
that her name was Kumasi Akuma Akuma
but here her YouTube channel
apparently is called La Isla I don't know why at
most she has two channels it's the
secondary one no well this girl he has
made a video about Ricky Ed and about the
Dallas strike okay  and apparently
ricky and his fan have messed up okay let's
watch the video first and once I see
the video the girl will give her opinion and we'll see what they
put on her so you've seen
the video that's what the
minutes are for being a pain in the ass a day in the
youtube comments put us at the
minute when I start okay I'm going to watch
the video my weapon
the video is called
ricky edit lmt okay come on mind a
snow star and this one cries
loudly it seems like a
perfect definition to me it seems like a
perfect definition and that's what we were watching
was the video and ricky and more than an
apology it seemed a little passive
aggressive that was the perfect definition
that I was looking for yesterday passive aggressive
with text a few days ago danan uploaded a
video to his youtube channel having some
kind of debate with nine from rachid
I guess you all know him this is her
this girl we recently talked about her on
my channel because the allies attacked her the
usual yacht group those who
say you are 30 years old 80 children of the
usual group okay attacked this girl the
famous tick  tock er who has now
become much more well known but for his
unfortunate words in an
interview with mosto papi in which he
said that he came inside girls and
that he also deceived them by telling them that he had a
vasectomy dow or that he was sterile
so after dedicating several
videos to him for this controversy and for
many others that he has had, he decided to do a
talk-debate in which he had a lot of
repercussion interview
for calling him like what that guy said and
like any video that has a lot of
repercussion there have been many streamers and
youtubers who have reacted to this
debate one of them was ricky edith who
is a streamer and youtuber who decided to
do a live reaction to this
debate on his tweets channel the thing is
that shortly after summarizing this live to
which he reacted to the full dallas video he
received a
copyright claim for tweets and they gave
ervin a strike thank you very much I have to
investigate one thing will the girl have
emphasized the complete I have to
investigate
if the fact of a reaction a video
reaction to a full video would fall into
the  fair use on youtube continue on
youtube I say yes I say
youtube yes because because there are reactions
and reactions you know today that today I
had to
put some comments to a kid that there are
already several times that even with
his channel that the kid what he does is re
upload my videos with his face in the
corner
but literally I mean I'm live and
he just as he finished the live summarizes
the entire video with my face in the
corner I've always said it to me
I don't care if they take my content
forever and when for example in tick
tock you take it and I uploaded my videos to text
okay perfect but giving credit
give credit has to be because there are videos
that have 4 million views in my
senses and they don't have credit
that they know me on youtube watch the
full video and [ __ ] that I gain followers no
but this kid crazy and also I
recorded a piece just in case it happened and
what I did was literally
sometimes even I mean I think look because it's
very rare to see
strangers look
this is my live from when ghana olga
survivor from the other day okay and the guy
stands in the corner
the guy  he puts the corner
and you can see him moving his mouth we can
still see his mouth but you can't
hear him so what I think he's doing is what I would think he
did
because I don't understand it he can't if you're
doing a reaction
but what I would think he's
doing is that he takes puts his face in
the corner of another of his live streams whatever it is
but without sound
so that is not legitimate
legitimate use is what I do to those who
each secondary that commenting contribute will
help us I put the video of shrinking to
I'm going to go to twitter I'm going to see it
know like he
uploads any video of mine of how strong
or direct he puts his face of those who are
already there and you see an hour because he is
reviewing it I have posted look sorry
but they notoriously eliminated one extract
but to eliminate it
to the channel and of course it is evident that this
claim is or by dallas and
ricky edit has not reacted too
well to the matter I understand that they give you
a strike on the tweets channel it is something that
sucks quite a bit, for example I have one and I
think that it is when you accumulate three strikes
for the same infraction that they can close
the channel  of tweets permanently but
that doesn't mean that the strike wasn't
deserved so that's what we're going
to check in today's video
a few hours ago which of course
I literally wouldn't have put it I've already
said it because I don't I let the
people who react in my videos and
so on okay now it's something very strong to
a person who
attacks my dick a lot defames me or more
put the tricks more your ricky the
time I won't let you use it go to
hell and more if you've been calling
my content [ __ ] garbage for years ricky edita they
have uploaded a video titled balance
has put me on strike in which he explains
everything that has happened and in which he is
supposed to apologize in many
quotes because until now but now
we'll see because if he sees it and feels like
collaborating minimally that a person
and I understand that it bothers me a lot that they
have given him a copyright strike for
reacting to the content of another youtuber
but honestly if this person has
given you the strike no matter how much I
begged him it's no matter how much they make his
videos I doubt he will remove it  at some
point it's true this point we didn't
think about it yesterday let's see
I know Dallas and then he has a good
heart he knows and obsessive if the video
Enrique had been another way the
video is apologizing
and asks him to take it down I say that in the
end he takes it down if they are
sincere apologies and he says hey look she
told me that I have already regretted it and said in
public that I regretted it or hey I'm sorry
but the video was a little passive
and I receive not quite passive aggressive it was
even throwing some against him a little bit
they were pissed off because he had
mattresses 30 when throwing ting ting ting at him
no if you want to get him to take away your
stress they are not the way mento then he
shows these tweets to the public shortly
after receiving the
copyright notification and in part I find it funny
because he says that his audience warned him
that Dallas is not very happy
that everyone reacts to his
content so it's pretty
obvious but even if he was warned and
contacted Dallas he still decided to
continue reacting to the full video
then he explains that  in the video he was
totally impartial and there were no
insults or humiliations and the truth is that it would
only be missing because
as he has done the favor in fact the favor in
fact the favor should insult you the
content of someone to which you have no
rights at least not
disrespect the person who owns the
video hours after not receiving a
response from dallas decided to
stop by his tweets channel while
he was live subscribed and
left him some beats to ask for an
explanation and dallas replied with a
little evasive joke simply to
not give him the ball with visits from his
followers and they start doing c6 not
because they are well educated by their boss
like subjects do not you see this fact to
an attack this is a clich of those that are
said to dallas not like he
manipulates it
is like he manipulates his mongol and tone
almost calls them mongol and blue tone
mongolito manipulates them and has them
indoctrinated so that they know what they have to
do
yes of course he has spoken with dallas about
this obviously but what
we talk about  private I don't say it in
public but I
always tell you here what I think
okay I have said it very clearly I would not have
put the strike
surely okay but I understand it or rather I
understand it perfectly you
cannot realize that the way he
refers to Dallas fans is not
too pleasant what he explains is
that after putting these tweets these
girls of ours seem to me to
think very much like him like me that he
received a wave of messages from
Dallas fans simply putting tweets
that he had written about Dallas
a while ago with a base and I think it's
like one of all the people who
put tweets years ago thanks to photos
and thank you very much a big hug man but I'm
going to apply it because I also do not
regret these tweets I have already
said it a lot of streams and in a
lot of tries that let's see you are going to
allow me to doubt this is that I would have
found out man it is that
really it is not to give myself
away but I would have found out or rather
you know that anyone could
come very well to send and  we would have
rational and live requires and
apologizes to dallas and in a lot of
live and this no longer says that he
regrets these tweets and that he
exposed him because well because it was the
normal thing at that time but he already told you
that there is no moment in this entire
video in which he apologizes for these
tweets for what was in them he does not
apologize directly to dallas at
any time and he is not even capable of
giving a message of how terrible it is to have
participated in all that harassment at the
time towards galas sports literal what I
said yesterday okay the cempla I
would have focused the video if you
intend to reconcile don't look I put up a
stupid thing because dallas has this image of
me because a few years ago I put up all the
stupid things I joined the mob I am friends with
win michu and in order to feel
accepted I composed these stupid things that I
wanted to break his teeth and those are the
capture of tui that has entangled cam
recover people know 22 knows what
we have not recovered can say that those
tweets will be normal at that time there is no
no kind of apology
edification is that this is the normal thing to
do for all the damage that you have been
able to do for so
long it
is not normal it is what we did a lot
but that does not mean that it is to be
normal it is what we did a lot but
some of us have apologized from the heart
because we have emphasized because we have
realized that of the slip no and that's it it is
explained it is heard look there have been
a series of events that makes me
realize that I am totally wrong and that
another lot happens to me okay then
give it to the 102 so you can see the
dates so you can see the content and the
context in the 10 and it is a
justification okay the video a
justification like look at the dates a
long time ago it was normal located
are four tweets that have been able to be
found also I tell you precisely my
request is not to think about having been
friends with wish michu and has already participated
in videos with him so most likely there
was more before more than what has been
found and the first tweet that
shows says I consider myself ga ready it makes me
want to split Dallas's mouth
every time  that opens it just for being dallas
stop me yes it's true that it's a
tweet from 2015 which is many years since
this tweet but just by looking at this you
can imagine the type of person you've
been over the years
really if I find a tweet from
someone who says that they would like to
break my mouth simply for being me I would really want to
strike them whenever I could that does
n't mean that's the reason for the galas why they
struck you
because these are tweets from a long
time ago but hey it really reinforces the desire to
strike you in the
tweet channel and the truth is it shows three other
tweets that were he's pissing on
twitter this one here in which he calls him
[ __ ] simply for making
salty content I know or that it's not at all
one of the typical arguments of the typical
bullet hater
today indicates very well this
26 year old girl
the first time the day s that we commented on the
attack that the
allies did it's the same group as always
but I don't
know what they do it's
been six years
I understand that you may have changed a lot but you also have to understand that having been part of what is a harassment campaign as heavy as his reinforces the desire to screw you over as much as possible and this is another tweet in
which he says that it is gratifying to see
Dallas drown with his own excuses
and he mocks that the next video that
I recommend after seeing this is the one
from wish mich I suppose the famous video
of that's how it is from the review and nothing he laughs at
some of the things that balas said during the
video like he has
irrefutable evidence evidence that has been more than
ASMR you can verify throughout these
years the problem is that his response to
that video refuted it was a video that was a
killed me because everything he said was a
formula he knew that it caught him off guard
myself not a video ago if 8
began to say he is going to gather evidence one
moment I want to communicate those that I am going to
defend myself but in that video I am
montage because what he said is true
because I am right believe me because I
tell the truth I never know  would deceive I
have all the evidence when wish
many released his video Dallas really
had very little time to respond to
everything he said himself obviously he
couldn't stay silent so at the
time as they didn't have enough
evidence to prove that what
Huixm Chubb said was a lie then
obviously what he said is that he
had that evidence and that he always
spoke the truth which is how it was
and also shortly after he released a video
I think it lasted about two hours in which it does
n't take long or it was shortly after it took a long time it took a long time I
think it
took about a year I
think it was approximately well
I would say that
[Music]
I would say it took a year because the
wing michu video was like October
or something like that at the beginning of October and the
Dallas one was already final well it took about
a year but it was a little less than a year
a little before summer I would say it already
showed all this evidence and all the
truths that he said in this video that
water to achieve it the first thing the first thing the
first video of chorizo responding
because it was very bad but not because he told a
lie but because the bathroom because not
demonstrating what happens is  that this is not
enough justification to attack
a person the way he
did there and as I said before we're
13 minutes into the video and I still haven't seen
any real apology for everything he's
put just justifications and aside from that
well I think it's publicly known
that I don't have a bad relationship like the same
with wish mixhuca that I don't get along badly
either he's the best friend but there's a
certain good vibe and I want to love and I
estimate that this is something that sends
a lot of
bullets
to everyone no if he is friends with this blocked person
and I report him far from life if I can
because it was because it interests us I
can understand it on the one hand
because honestly it
depends on what type of colleagues
Wit Michu is there are people who are
Win Michu's colleagues like and they don't care about getting along
with Dallas because they don't have to because they have
personality okay there are interests they can get along
like in my blind with Dallas I
know more than one that would be he goes with Win
Michu he gets along with Dallas nothing happens
okay and another are you going to be a team hair
already of webs Michu okay I'm not saying Barry Kilo
or I mean I don't know be the  case but I know
many who have water and
deified michu knowing it is believed that with michu he
will get them out in silence
or in a hacker who has seen that if he
gets you a good mix in a hacker or in
silence neither that you are going to become
famous overnight I will go to your
channel it will work which is what
some believe but there are some who
are balls are balls and always the
anci or mari pepa a big hug sweetheart
thank you very much quite
childish attitude because well whenever I have
seen of predicting I think that a person who
can with it on the table who is
capable of speaking and of understanding the
context and the concept of each one
when talking about something I
really doubt very much that it has been only
because of that to me for example it would seem
good to me I would have given more than one
strike to people who have dedicated themselves to
saying similar things about me but I
think that in this case this has simply
been a reinforcement to put the
extrae I mean it has not been the only
person the meeting has gotten into a
strike the real problem here is that
people with so many followers  they have
dedicated themselves to reacting to a video of more
than an entire hour on their different
channels which would lead to
Dallas losing views and you react
and summarize it is a complete video without cuts
of someone what you are doing is that
those people are not going to see the
original video but they are going to see you so
clear to see that is obvious those obvious
especially if they are a type of audience
that leans to the opposite side
of Dallas not to see Dallas haters a
lot of people no then those people
as much as they hate Dallas if they want to
see the [ __ ] debate of the moment they can
go to Dallas' channel okay that
the [ __ ] Dallas channel comes out and they watch it
percent that's what there is you have to see it now that
's what I tell you if you tell me maybe you
take the best parts they are
reacting and then you upload it edited
but
tell you if you are commenting you are
contributing a lot whatever it is well I will
tell you what I tell you but it is not about
stealing visits really I
doubt very much that he will do what the amount that
steal a visit that will steal
two thousand three thousand visits because it has not
uploaded it to youtube on its channel tweets
as if it steals 15,000 visits 20,000
visits dallas is not going to matter
if it comes from a person who is not
this type but nothing touches the balls
understand the subject is another you stay is going to
lose many more visits than it
should have had and that is why I believe that
dallas has every right to
put on strike to anyone
who is receiving its content
because
obviously that is money that does not
generate death I am not sending
people to do anything to it or anything and in fact that
said principle this direct any
threat insult anything that is done to
me is going to be a personal out because you are not
afraid they have to see the message it is
very nice but I was looking at the
chat during the entire video and I have seen
an amount of constant insults that
reached the highest part of the
screen from there the message
disappears and nobody sees it so I do not
know at what moment it is  banned someone
because I haven't seen it because they have a lot of
time for certain things because much
of what they base their business on is
escrache, all the people who
can check the construction of
any profile that is adored on the
internet and in trying to denigrate the
image of people who sometimes don't even
get into the subject because they got into the
best 8 years ago in order to get more and
more and more content, let's see, so far
all the people that I've seen that
Dallas has criticized is because they have really
done horrible things one second they
just sent him something for a
second the biggest one sends
something that I think we are interested in seeing
leave it to me now
finally
the night of the eye
finally I'm
going to show you
the pyramid to the d finally given only
two haircuts are missing several
accusations of fraud and
Twitter bales in which bales I mean
bales of bragging in which they hesitate that there
is someone who has to pay you
40,000 euros for information that he
made in the past without giving names
correctly if he really had done it
reported for 40 thousand euros to someone
that information if it were real, he would have said the
name we
saw this but
someone did say it doesn't know who has to pay
40 thousand euros plus costs to Dallas
this is the same this is the same I think I think it
was here I think it was
here when I made the video Ricky in
this one that we crossed paths directly requires and
I
think it was here do you remember that later
Ricky reacted to my video and that it was you
that we ended up more or less on dial mentally
good vibes because it's not a
personal fight but we saw this this
ridiculousness
on the internet so let's see what he
said what it is
and really
what a clich
things that you Picasso look at you for this
director or a long time ago
this director shows himself and is
saying is that you are saying that
someone owes you but you have not said the
name as if to say that he has invented
the lawsuit that he has won and of course in the
end they are profiting as is what what you
do what you do on the internet to
profit of course we all dedicate ourselves to
profiting we on the internet welcome
welcome to the self-employed
welcome to  x do
you think that this guy has apologized
many times in his live stream? Do
and has told his followers in his
live streams a bunch of times that he
regrets his word? Very criticizable. It has
never been about screwing up
someone's career or life, but rather about
exposing how shitty people are.
Some of them are also trying to use
this argument that he has been one
of the many people that Dallas
has dedicated themselves to ruining his career when that
is not the case. You have used content that is not
yours. You have asked for permission, not
desperately, to his response and
yet he has reacted to the entire video. You
have summarized your ideas.
Incoming call from a private number
for Javier Oliveira with him or Alexa.
Alexa Colon
has
the day that they start to arrive for
this nonsense.
I think that in theory it is that
now he can choose his number
because even if he calls privately, if there is
a lawsuit, the company will be asked and
then it will come to me as it came to me since the
other day when he did the same thing that
this [ __ ] just did.
I feel important because I went on
live. I feel important  and
now after a while he will send me a
joke saying I am a minor
my father create it with you please to
remove tweets from six seven eight
years ago from no one even 34 years old I would give him
a lot when to say look what
this person was like because it reminded me of a
video maybe blonde maybe they were
tweets from when youtube
spain was starting and don't look at these people uncle of him they
said stupid man and they are not
giving so many 2000 sorry you start
harassing someone and wishing death on
someone and you add up to dedicating yourself to making
a person's life impossible even though
a lot of time has passed that is not going to
do what you did at that
moment des
has spoken to jaden in case he wants to
make the thumbnails for my channel I pay
for it but he doesn't answer me about
can you tell him something first version
thing hi javi how are you handsome another
day feeding your ego round thumbtack
lollipop shiny heart funny bitter
multi
I don't like
this it is not a swap or in a thousand
ads or anything like that
okay
if there is no answer you will not be
interested because  has a lot of
work there are tons of miniatures I didn't
have it's normal to send a message here
the spa okay I don't like that edge or
anything but it's the one I
told him today
please delete the videos that are
uploading mine putting his face in the
corner
really we know all about those tricks
multi game when you come up with a good
idea from there I'm going to say that the
miniatures and so on people say sometimes
who is this and I already told you the other
day man you're not going to grow like that they're not going to
subscribe to you and for each of that I
already told you the other day when the
alpha that you were here being I'm going to go up
here go down here to debate with
alpha the same thing happens that your
art videos do the streets in the corner the
last time in multi gamer for real
but I don't give a damn about the promo I want you to
help me van eijden
banned
vanessa matters they are
requested privately by email by
right but this did not say no we
have fallen out of the cradle aireen
shot at acne normal vision is going to
continue being a do nothing that says to
the cne that the blocked account  for the
terrible bread so yes yes for years you
behaved you eat [ __ ] with someone
knowing that that person was not everything you
said so that one thing about the
girl
the fact that I can for example in my
case what happened was that I thought
those horrible things about Dallas because I
had it in my head I ate because they
sold it to me in a way then I got
to the internet and I thought that such and such was a
monster then when I insulted him
when I said things to him I
was really messing with a bad person
then when I started to see when I started
to see when I started to see that everyone
knows
well no when I made the video it is money there would
be two thank you very much
when I made that video that I made I had already been
talking for months and weeks with
authorship talking about the things that I was
seeing and we're talking you understand
then you could be wrong or you
think that you're not doing something wrong
because they are people we all make mistakes
and you could be hurting
a person and you think that what you're
doing insulting them putting or
saying whatever is okay because
you're messing with a monster okay
then okay now we see the  from dallas
on twitter but the question is when you
realize not only delete it as if
nothing had happened stop doing it
use the same medium where you did it to
apologize to clarify it so that people do
not continue thinking what you have said for
titles delete everything and do not say anything because
what you are doing is trying to avoid
lawsuits avoid problems and on top of that you
have not apologized at any time because if
I would remove the tweets and I would take out
everything you had
from here it does not
matter if they could bother or have been
encouraged by putting a point I am on
twitter you know that I find it very
funny the people who try to
apologize and say sorry if I bothered you
what I said is like I think they are the
least apologies that exist in
this life, I mean here he is not
recognizing any mistake he has
justified everything first he knows as if he
had done it without wanting to or it was a
long time ago it is that he was very small if it
bothered you okay if it bothered you it is your
responsibility what we have done to you no
if we have made the apology they remove the
simple strike he is apologizing
because the other person was bothered by that
not because  that he was saying
was wrong but because the other
person bothered him and that on top of that caused him to
give him a strike you realize
that the apology was not from that place in
Javi's apology they were real they do not
compare with Richter's and it is that
I already spoke with him I was already
saying things both the live ones and
in this video this January things that did not
add up to me I
was realizing then mine
was not an apology like forgive my
life okay for their clich okay their
clich what I did was
expose or if they explained why I
redeemed myself because I changed my mind so
that you will understand today it is we
said this I am I am made of
Dallas but I realize this look
that does not add up because of this and this then this
and then this so that you could
put yourselves in my shoes so that you could understand
things the same as them okay what is
happening there was a lawsuit that in
reality was not a complaint that would have been
processed outside in the
conciliation we stopped it okay no no no
that lawsuit did not even get processed because
such  is a person with whom you can
talk and I also say myself if
both their rights for those
logical complaints of the complaint takes away the
payment, this outside we clarify it if I and
other people were also normal
I could also pick up the phone and
clarify things it does not have to be
through lawyers nor does it have to be for
anything okay but the fact is that I did
understand where my mistake was and
why I had been wrong okay and there are many
people who say you did not do it for the
complaint, don't be look when when
you report someone like that the judge does not
force you to apologize he forces you to read
a sentence you read the sentence in the
ruling so and so and so is sentenced to
pay I do not know how much for a crime of
slander that is what there is the judge
forces you to apologize if I had missed
the trial one would say in the video
forgiven alameda account I do not do much
I would say the ruling such is such such okay
what happens to these people do you remember
when
win michu in the video is to call him sara
beat and why does he do that because these
people's balls explode it makes him
very angry  on the inside the fact of
seeing powerful people or people with
influence or people that the audience
takes seriously
supporting Dallas okay then those
people had to burn it had to
burn it to see Sara apologizing to Sara
and being good to Sara apologizing to
Dallas and being nice to Dallas okay
so instead of [ __ ] and on top of that it's not
just that it burns him because she apologizes
and makes the pass it
burns him because the public is going to see Sara
with Dallas
and they would like all the youtubers
to be against Dallas okay
so instead of instead of instead of instead of
admitting instead of admitting look at the acne
now of course that instead of admitting that
yes we have realized the
error in the journalist Dallas
has made peace with him because she was a
good person and because she can get along
with all the youtubers what they
want is to make people see that
the justification is that Sara has been
forced like she has been blackmailed that
if she doesn't take them a  video that is half that they have
forced him to apologize that he
has not apologized from the heart but that it has
been forced okay to me that what they
told me that I had apologized for a
complaint when I fixed things with
Dallas I had no [ __ ] idea of the
complaint
that he was going to report me that complaint
for look at you seeing like seeing seeing
the nonsense that I say in 20 million
views the same mine would have to be
seen nothing too but for them to
call me to trial if I right now I do not
want to fight that because I do not believe that
I was right I fight in a
trial that I believe I am right
but if I myself found out about the
complaint then the conciliation was in
March and God redeems me in January three
months before two months before you understand me
and I had no [ __ ] idea about the
complaint he had said it many times
since the debate I had with him during
before I feel like a
bluff you know and besides I already that same
January and you can see this in the social
law and it is that we lied that same January
I already eliminated  videos that I didn't think
represented me anymore and also in
the complaint they showed me some videos for
which I was reported I removed a
bunch more and over the years
when I come across videos that I've made that have been
deleted do you remember the other
day I said let's watch a video I don't know what when I
deleted it probably because it says something
stupid well
those people do that you know
that everyone who apologizes to Dallas
because they really realize that they were
wrong that Dallas is not what these
people try to interpret
because of what they do trying to make the people
in the audience think that because of
extortion because of blackmail because they are
threatened you understand me that does that a
lot it doesn't make any sense and it
's not real at all and that surely he would never have
apologized in a video if it
weren't for the fact that he has given him a strike
every time he has shown the tweets the
only thing he has done is justify himself and
base it on the fact that everyone said that and that is
what it seemed and well well I
also say it
and the reason why I bet you the
strike is because of the opinion that you gave about
what it is that  on top of that in the video trying
that gala as a ruse or as a trick or
that he doesn't have time
that he has a lot of free time that he's
very bored that he's only interested in
screwing people that we have to see what he's going to
take tweets from many years ago to
take and put an extra on them and now that he's
spiteful of how bored he is with his
life that he's bitter you understand me he
tries to leave it like this
the video that the police made against
Greece and all this I think has
nothing to do with him explaining that he positioned himself on the
side of believing with his scam of the
air bots because Dallas was not right
with that of believing he was the owner of
all this his prey because another
person does not exist and it's not true it's not
true that I said it several times in my
reaction and I justified it and I know
the person who owns that company and I
get along well with that person you
're also saying that you know and are
friends with the one who dedicated himself to scamming
so many people
in my daughter today this girl is my daughter
also this girl is my
daughter
but my daughter where I had been
I am getting children all over  parts
areas and you decided to take sides with
the scammers simple
who was the boss of everything literal
literal I said it yesterday too man what happened
yesterday is like Javier free life but without
dogs of course I must I must
definitely give Paula her severance
pay or so literal literal that's how it is
literally he takes it with the
neck of the page but they prefer to
be friends with those people that's why his
colleagues because he doesn't like Dallas because
Dallas made a mistake who is the
owner of the page or not ha ha ha ha wow I
mean if you want to see god I'll see myself
when I return to my twitter Libya to
downfall
111 follow this girl yes yes I'm going to
follow her of course this and only this was
enough for you to put yourself on the side of the
scammers
if you dare to study law I support you
because you're a crack by the way do something
with a trip but ask a lot
thanks to whoever follows keep going very vital
Sergio come to a live with me it's
that I have life I have to do it as
Auren I have to do it as Ari I have to do it
as auto bh I'm also going to
invite wing chun also that  you will believe
that he has not died without any what
he is doing with juanjo almost all of the
gossip to whoever else whoever else invited
who told me yes
but yes yes of course today it is obvious
you have made a video with me on your
live channel if you want to see it with the
administration is that at the moment in which you
take out emerson the people is the
moment in which making products in the middle
of a judicial process that yes it is
very good that the lawyers cover you that
cover you process I only see it as correct to
grow or rather I wanted the reason has an
argument I want to present a lawsuit I
see it super correct and someone tells me that
one thing is that he puts it and says and another
thing is that you do with desire jokes [ __ ]
sad about something that is really supposed to be
affecting you do you realize that
in a video in which he is supposed to be
apologizing to dallas he takes out all
the garbage he has told him the only thing he is
doing is taking out everything he does not
like about dadas and then what seems
criticizable just to justify the
tweets that he put at the time in addition to
everything he is saying seems to me
typical hater arguments because
what he's complaining about is that Dallas
and merchandising of some of the
controversies he had such as
Argos Marlos when what he's not able to
understand is that it was really
necessary because I believe that there is no good
necessary thing better than profiting from
everything you have in life if it's
necessary what I said was that maybe
through judicial processes or it
could be taken as
not serious or take it very seriously or that it
affects you a little I don't know it depends well it
depends on how the fact is defended
after that evidently the
circumstance was for me he calls me
Marlon my goodness yes of course
[Music]
apologies in case that annoying extra and I
have them here I pay intensive the strike and to
say that the opinions that today
referring to the debates whenever
you are not in a position to speak well but it's
better to see them feeding them I know it
seems very strong to me and that after
dedicating yourself during the entire video to
throw captured the and to try to
justify those tweets in the end the
only apologies that are funny one farc
is I'm sorry if you  annoying and I'm
sorry if that encouraged the strike
seriously I think those are the worst apologies I've ever
heard in my life it's clear
that requires doesn't regret too much
what Dallas said and that the only thing he
regrets and since all this has
come to light and that it could have
bothered
to the point of giving him a strike which I
repeat I doubt that is the reason
really I have uploaded an entire video that is
not yours and you have not asked permission where they have
not given you permission to your
tweets channel and that simply gives
everyone the right to give you a strike and
everyone who wants I understand that it sucks
but well as you yourself have said I will
probably take it away but what is
clear is that having been to continue being
friends with wish has conditioned me a lot
your way of seeing Dallas and nothing that the
apologies are horrible and quite
false and the truth is I would not take away your
strike up to here the reaction I hope
you liked the video and I love it or
I loved it
well it turns out that because of this
video which is literally an opinion
like the one we gave yesterday we gave
yesterday  we gave this this opinion and here
Ricky had us and he donated to me okay he
donates to me and what is required of the girl
is to tell her the following
for the only one they slack off to another okay now he
messes with her because she has only fan
and if she slacks off in the lives and in
August and the girl needs money she
makes a video for you I mean I don't understand
literally I don't understand these girls
make more videos not only did she make
this video because because it's August and
laziness the links according to you flowers in August
to me in August the
hotter ricky but anyway he
donates to me he
donates to me he comes and donates to me and the
girl you mess with her for her only fan
man karime was not subscribed she
was not subscribed okay you mess with
her for her lives so
that your followers go and give a
lot of disney to the video well
from here I ask all of mine
please go right now and like
the girl okay everyone
give it like and subscribe you love it
so much the girl let's see what else  upload but
this is his channel
someone just removed the videos
on youtube or youtube is screwed man I've
been on my phone and youtube is
screwed
claret on his main channel
okay channels
here are the videos
why
tell him not to remove it hey
apart they told me to watch
another video of hers or rather she just
removed the videos
tell him not to remove it well in total he
donated to me for giving them the
same arguments that he has said the
girl and the girl he messes with her for
him because she has a live and today if he
keeps his followers giving
the video an islay and messing with her no
how embarrassing the chick that
hydra is hitting on your girlfriend
ricky you delete the tweet what a clown with
ricky no these are your followers no
ricky what I'm telling you because yesterday he was
treating them contemptuously for me
too for me whistles they don't even know what his
name was no
literal I love you ricardo
here we have a tweet from ricky's fans it
's not a hypnos glitch he
removed them okay okay youtube was screwed
so go away  give it some fresh air
the island beach
okay okay I could give it a go I want to see
this video petal delight look at this other one she
was defending giving it to revive on twitter and the
result was pathetic
but what's that about I know what it's about because she's
going to take advantage of the fact that she has few
followers or whatever man but what the
[ __ ] are these your followers ricky in
the live and el patrioto hasn't removed the
videos it's that on his channel they don't appear
but the videos are still public javi
okay okay okay no longer in fashion account
grace dante
javi I went to see his channel and
the videos don't appear the chat said that she was
banned but I have no idea now they are not there I
had this today
a little in the [ __ ] [ __ ] well the videos are there okay you have to search for it by name this video appears we'll see it today not because I have many wishes but tomorrow we'll see this I think this topic was why we talked about her here the other time on the
channel I don't
think this topic is surely why we
talked about her we're
going to watch this video tomorrow okay write we're
going to watch it tomorrow I want to see this 56%
when we see the director I want to see at
least 90% what these do
holy followers it's not riki
encouraged by you no that you're messing
with dallas because he
was like gepetto who had the others he
indoctrinated them he will give us he had him well
educated no ricky and now you teach
your followers to mess with a girl
because she has only fan
and how she slacks in the live and according to you she
was 8
in the live a girl petrini the m r does not bear
fruit in the form of a bill she needs to
try the salt videos you can see the
garbage content in the style of javier
beirn regrettable because javier's style
and measure is the style that
your father would like you
know how much of a jerk the rich man is and he cried
when his only argument is to say that
I have l'infant after being
humiliated he continues sucking sela to the young man which
is the only thing you are good at
wow ricky they will feel proud god
you will feel proud god
when I thought that the female sex
could not be more inferior and autistic
here I [ __ ] on all the dead in the
field this in fact has really been
used autistic as an insult what does it have
of  marc an autistic piece of
[ __ ] [ __ ] autistic I come across this a
shame surely an autistic is I have a
blast with you churra happiness
costume already salvador a hug let's see
piece of [ __ ] piece of tsjr col
certain pieces of the mother that seeing you
more follower of kfc follower of the
typical ones not hater of dallas surely
a person who has autism is like
50 times your iq you piece of
[ __ ] abnormal case of [ __ ] what of an
[ __ ] therefore your [ __ ] mother let's
see let's see a little more of the
stupid things he said that his
hands tell him you became famous sucking the microphone
what to say about bosch about pajero these
are your followers not ricky and from here
I hope you're watching me and that you see
this and if not take the clip
the brick sends it to him and I hope he makes a
direct point embarrassing you of the [ __ ]
[ __ ] that your disgusting community is saying
okay because what a shitty community you
have dude what a
shitty community what a shitty
community  misogynists who
use autism as an insult and
I curse all of them that's what I
say man to sit like a leg it's
more it comes in like a [ __ ] kick in nothing
what does the ear mic taste like
or do we put an arch man we put a
community act and if it's that you
're pushing it
looking for fame the
sucking mic for the sims is broken and he has to buy
another one
how disgusting man how disgusting
women have that courage to give
thanks
women value themselves says tel you're the
typical one and I spoke of lies I don't want to be
disrespectful but it seems to me that what
Ricky did is very filthy how disgusting
man how disgusting but oh well it doesn't surprise me
Ricky with whom I invited you compare
who you saw compared buddy what
a lot of arches god
and the need and this guatafn in a
video critique on a critique channel
that I've made because it comes out of my
ovaries without even you
going to see it that there are little rats in the mouth
what a disgusting community of [ __ ]
gave to see what to say that the cover and at
what point act because then  quite
thank you very much you can say
maybe you don't control what the
third says of course but it's that you
are encouraging and to what point insults
that [ __ ] what way what way of
trying to lack the girl
that lifan he slacks
and surely with the only fancesa that
more than you
that I save the ricky look that I don't
fall badly but that many god
iwakuma was right how he cries when they
leave you humiliated
it's even sad to see how he continues to
demonstrate daily how he continues to be
a lethal stalker in a boxing match I
think he measures the same or maybe she is
even taller that he had little
men and gave by the way it's funny
how the half man toucan attacks the
girl because he often has an
argument live but to javi who has told him the
same or worse he left him on the ground and does not
dare to answer him I told him to go up I told him to go up so that it is
not noticeable the complex of the sad
little man normally I do not do it but
when to see
those physical descriptions there is life
Pablo fan of ricky said that he is going to come to correct
dallas because he has messed
with the toucan people
soon ri that the dallas dog
answers me I see it coming because of his
friends of course the clichs no
normally I don't do it but when a
stalker of this level like rikn and
edin who spent years insulting me
explicit threats and being happy that I lost
my job I have more than enough justification
to do it and is disrespectful he is the one who
commands balls he commands
balls man how disgusting ricky really what a
disgusting community man what a disgusting
community do you know who you saw with
compare man like I hope they do a
live expecting a little tug on the
ears of your followers but how are you going
to pull his ear for something that
you are encouraging something that you are
showing him not to
see they are telling me that ricky has
responded
I would love to respond but since I have been
seeing for several days how you mess with
people who criticize for being thin
stubborn or unattractive but if he
literally just messed with a girl
because he dedicated a live to what are you going to
now playing the victim is that all the
allies and the whole group does the same thing
is that they all do the same thing
you just messed with a girl who
is humiliated in a video and said
that you are a crybaby you know he doesn't even
disrespect in the video he said
that you are a crybaby because you are
and now you're going to put it there he
put it in my nose it's that they are all the same I am still
like the kilo like Luis Michu like they are all the same
all the same they say whatever they want
to everyone but happier there is
agile you have damaged my mm
Diego has damaged my physique you are not
putting my physique
since after tweeting this nonsense he
ran out to block me so that I
don't say anything to you he just called me half a
man touches a man of 27 years old
with 28 children come on say it say it of 50 children
who has a nose job and who has
blocked me running so that I wouldn't see it
ask for palomita because tomorrow we have a
party in tweets I mean tomorrow it will
be a video for him well okay we will ask for
palomita tivo but it's that instead of
having posted this [ __ ] [ __ ]  in seeing the
post this [ __ ] garbage
would have been fine if it were a real life
that would have pulled
your followers' ears but as bounty london that's who you are you
shouldn't use
as an insult the word that defines one
hundred percent of the audience that
enjoys watching you suck microphones
it's not very coherent trying to humiliate me in
the long run the background transforms it into
economic benefit so you have
permission as long as I do it I do it
whispering I love you [ __ ] what a sexist
Ricky man what a sexist but
listen to me no more what a sexist you are what
has fallen
go live
what the [ __ ] what the
[ __ ]
that's machismo okay we're back that
machismo guys I mean when a man
has done something to you and a woman does the
same thing to you and you donate to a man and to the
woman side by side that's machismo he's
forgetting her because she's a woman and because he
has fewer followers than me just like that just like that
that's machismo
literally
machismo isn't a lot of nonsense that
these people say over there well I can
insult a woman  if that woman maybe
insulted me I respond
dissolved or if I am hiding with
her that would not be machismo because it is a
lack of respect well whatever you want
but machismo is that you do something that
you do something because she is a
woman and that is the case this is the case
if it exists on youtube 7 on youtube now what
happens is that I have to open another one how
disgusting man I can't believe he sent
his fans to attack her everything is full of
sexist and sexist comments omg I don't believe it you have to
give her a lot of love
guys she reminded me of lean with nothing totally
totally like lean to me he didn't
have the same nailed down dude the same
machismo lean didn't have the balls my daughter
more than throwing a video at me she never
flattered me she tried to take down the channel dude well it
's almost literally the same the
same but you know what's worst that
something that he said in the tweet in the tri you
are being and they
tried to mediate me in the long run it
transforms the economic benefit when it is
just criticism save it for the same thing it is that they are
hypocrites and I'm always
hypocrites it's always done
and the moderator had come to me saying
that
if comments were seen it was because there
were only four moderators and they couldn't
cope and I believe it I believe it
because let's see seeing the type of is that of
course I at that moment when I recorded
the video I didn't know the type of
community that had treki I simply
saw several comments of insults
towards dadas that were seen there and that
continued and continued and increased and increased
everything confirmed damn they are not really bathing him you
know but of course I didn't know
that practically the entire community of
the entire community of dallas of dallas of
ricky are
haters
because
yes I already imagine that it would be a
party of
okay
[Music]
haha
but that's what I'm
going to go almost finished talking about the
subject and at the same time cut off [ __ ] m I
'm tired of years of life of
birthday I
saw it cut off [ __ ]
can't comment on the shawl because
I have set it to followers mode for a
day but it's that if not
many idiots are coming in
and if all the  world subsists I don't have that many
moves and moves
guys
hey I love it even YouTube I didn't
know it I love this YouTube a
blast to listen mind tremendous machismo
the tremendous hashish mo I've been
freaking out I'm freaking out if I'm going to
invite her I had invited her one day to
come clear say of course but I'm
freaking out with the rich salsa life
count the [ __ ] hypocrisy the [ __ ]
hypocrisy of saying now and celebrate don't
humiliate me whatever you want a call me I
profit if you try to assume me the I
profit well it
's a lot what is
called sea the streams how embarrassing it is that they
always end up showing their [ __ ] face
man they always end up showing their face I
have to cut the extract for a
second because my family comes in I was going to
spend a second give me give me a a
minute okay give a minute
[Music]